feat: support Web Serial & WebUSB blocklists (#46600)
electron/electron: docs/breaking-changes.md

## Planned Breaking API Changes (37.0)

### Behavior Changed: WebUSB and WebSerial Blocklist Support

> [WebUSB](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebUSB_API) and [Web Serial](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Serial_API) now support the [WebUSB Blocklist](https://github.com/WICG/webusb/blob/main/blocklist.txt) and [Web Serial Blocklist](https://github.com/WICG/serial/blob/main/blocklist.txt) used by Chromium and outlined in their respective specifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WebUSB](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebUSB_API) and [Web Serial](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Serial_API) now use the [WebUSB Blocklist](https://github.com/WICG/webusb/blob/main/blocklist.txt) and [Web Serial Blocklist](https://github.com/WICG/serial/blob/main/blocklist.txt) used by Chromium and outlined in their respective specifications.
```

> [WebUSB](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebUSB_API) and [Web Serial](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Serial_API) now implement the [WebUSB Blocklist](https://github.com/WICG/webusb/blob/main/blocklist.txt) and [Web Serial Blocklist](https://github.com/WICG/serial/blob/main/blocklist.txt) used by Chromium and outlined in their respective specifications.

Reviewer: https://github.com/WICG/webusb/blob/main/blocklist.txt doesn't seem to exist.

Reviewer: https://wicg.github.io/serial/#blocklist should probably be used instead.

> To disable these, users can pass `disable-usb-blocklist` and `disable-serial-blocklist` as command line flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retain previous functionality the blocklists can be disabled by passing `disable-usb-blocklist` and `disable-serial-blocklist` as command line flags.
```
